Minimize use of ambigious Code Graph term (#204)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/direction/code-graph/index.md

# Code Graph direction

We have teams working on [Search](./search/index.md), [Code Insights](./code-insights/index.md), [Code Intelligence](./code-intelligence/index.md), and [Batch Changes](./batch-changes/index.md); this page describes the overarching mission and strategy that ties them together, but each linked team also provides a more detailed direction page with what they are working on next and why. There is also a whole-company [Sourcegraph direction](../index.md) available.

## Mission

> We build our product to make finding, understanding, and editing code easier, regardless of how much you have, how complex it is, where you store it, or even how technical you are.

Author: ```suggestion
We want to make finding, understanding, and editing code easier, regardless of how much you have, how complex it is, where you store it, or even how technical you are.
```
